---
title: "Advantage Database Server and XTNDConnect RPM"
date: "2001-03-10T16:47:45-08:00"
tags:
- 2001
- Database
---

Chuck Vertrees from Extended Systems, Inc. will be presenting a technical overview and demonstration of Advantage Database Server and XTNDConnect RPM.  Don't miss this informative presentation covering all areas of Delphi development for client/server, n-tier and mobile/wireless environments.  Valuable door prizes will be given!!

Advantage Database Server  Advantage Database Server is a scalable, high performance client/server DBMS for networked, standalone, Internet and mobile database applications. The Advantage Database Server supports the NetWare, Windows NT/2000, and Windows 95/98 operating systems.

- Native SQL on both the remote and local server
- Fully scalable-write once, deploy anywhere
- Provides industry-leading filter optimization for Advantage applications
- Royalty-free distribution for local and shared environments
- Eliminates cost of ongoing administration-no database administrator required
- Fast and easy to install using existing network file system and hardware
- Protects database applications against network failure and user error through a centralized storage management system

XTNDConnect RPM XTNDConnect RPM (Remote Procedure Middleware) is an extendable, embedded, n-tier server that makes distributed application development easy. XTNDConnect RPM provides a suite of programming tools designed specifically for Delphi for the fastest middle-tier development possible. Middle-tier architecture can provide many benefits over traditional two-tier database applications, such as centralized business rules, centralized code maintenance and database abstraction.

- Provides real-time access to enterprise server processes for mobile and Windows applications
- Supports Palm Computing, Windows, and Windows CE Windows CE 2.11 - 3.0/PocketPC devices
- Lightweight, easy-to-use thin-client architecture
- Secure, reliable connections; Session SafeGuard and Guaranteed Delivery
- State or stateless connection models
- Native, ODBC, or ADO access to any database server

PRESENTER:

Chuck Vertrees from Extended Systems, Inc.
