---
title: "ImageEn"
date: "2002-11-10T16:47:45-08:00"
tags:
- 2002
- Homer Jones
---
## TOPIC ##

Homer Jones will present a commercial document management application built around ImageEn version 1.97 ImageEn is a set of 100% vcl Image processing components. It is a little-known, but viable alternative to ImageLib and LeadTools. While documentation is marginal, the Delphi code examples make up for the deficiency.  Using ImageEn enabled Homer to build his own Twain user interface. While one might ask "why", having a uniform user interface makes customer support much easier (you don't need to know every user interface of every scanner manufacturer).

The presentation will discuss the ImageEn components, and how Homer used them in ABS Document Manager. ABS Document Manager is an add-on option to a larger client tracking, and office automation application. The unique feature of ABS Document Manager is that images are stored in a DBISAM database rather than as discrete files. This enables images to be linked to client records as the detail record of a master / detail relationship. This too, is unique because the master record is in Microsoft Access rather than DBISAM.

Main points of discussion will be: The ImageEn components, ABS Document Manager, database and application design criteria, implementation methodology, and useful tips and tricks.

## PRESENTER ##

**HOMER JONES** is currently the President of Agency Business Systems, Incorporated, a Portland-based company providing office management software to the Insurance Industry.  He has served as an MIS manager for General Motors Corporation, System Sales Manager for Control Data Corporation, and Programmer Analyst for ADP.  Homer received his Ph.D. from Oregon State University and taught System Documentation at San Jose State University.
