---
title: "ExpressWeb Framework: Building Web Applications in Delphi"
date: "2002-03-10T16:47:45-08:00"
tags:
- 2002
- Web
- Ed Dressel
---
## TOPIC ##

**ExpressWeb** is a new development framework from Developer Express that implements in Delphi the component architecture of ASP.Net to enable the same template driven web development of JSP or ASP but with a RAD designer.  ExpressWeb contains 4 palettes of visual stunning controls to enable you to build professional web sites in the same way you build Windows application with Delphi, and with the total control that defines Delphi.

Ed will give a thorough demo of what ExpressWeb brings to Web development over and above the 3 different technologies already in Delphi.

ExpressWeb Framework is a product of [Developer Express Inc.](http://devexpress.com)

***DOOR-PRIZE!** There will be a drawing for a free copy of ExpressWeb Framework (bring a business card to drop in the hat).  Must be present to win.*

## PRESENTER ##

**Ed Dressel** is Senior Software Engineer for The Annuity People, Inc., which develops point-of-sale software for retirement products. (Customers include companies such as Nationwide Insurance, MetLife and Security benefit). Prior work included developing software for real-time plant-wide data acquisition in the manufacturing industry, as well as various contractual projects.

Ed is a member of Developer's Express' DX-Squad and Digital-Metaphors' Team-DM (both peer-to-peer newsgroup support team). He has worked with Delphi since Turbo Pascal version 3.
