---
title: "Advantage Database 7"
date: "2003-05-10T16:47:45-08:00"
tags:
- 2003
- Database
---
## TOPIC ##

Learn what's new in the upcoming release of the Advantage Database v7.0 scheduled for Fall 2003.  Highlighted features for ADS v7.0 included, Full-text Search and Triggers among many others.

The Advantage Database Server is a scalable, high performance client/server RDBMS for networked, stand-alone, Internet and mobile database applications. The Advantage Database Server supports many development environments including Borland Delphi and C++ Builder.  Advantage Database provides native connections for most developments environments, facilitating easy integration with new and existing applications.

Homer Jones, Assistant Coordinator for ODUG, will show benchmark results between Advantage, DBISAM, and MS Access. He also plans to show the database conversion utilities from Access to Advantage and DBISAM.

*There will be door prizes for attendees including one copy of a 5-user license of Advantage Database ($615 retail).*

## PRESENTER ##

**Chris Franz** is the Advantage Database Engineering Consultant at Extended Systems, responsible for assisting customers with selection and integration of Extended Systems mobile and data management solutions into their business applications.  His expertise is focused on assisting developers in designing, coding and deploying database applications using Extended Systems tools and various development languages.

Chris came to Extended Systems from the Army National Guard where he provided consulting and training to soldiers.  Chris has spent the last 8 years providing training to various audiences on a variety of technical topics. Chris has a wide range of experience in the technology industry including Network Management, Programming and Database Administration.  Chris is a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer and a Certified Technical Trainer.

**Chuck Vertrees** is the Advantage Database Product Manager at Extended Systems, responsible for developing and managing strategic relationships with commercial software companies that integrate Extended Systems mobile and data management solutions.

Chuck has been with Extended Systems for 4 years and has been employed in the IT industry for 10 years.  He holds a BBA from Boise State University and a MBA from Northwest Nazarene University.

### COMPANY BACKGROUND ###

To be the global leader in providing data management software to the mobile enterprise and to developers of commercial software applications.

Founded in 1984, Extended Systems is a global technology company whose legacy of innovation and commitment to engineering excellence are reflected in advanced and widely adopted software solutions designed to meet the evolving needs of a data-intensive world. Headquartered in Boise, Idaho, Extended Systems has offices and subsidiaries throughout the United States
