---
title: "Member Showcase"
tags:
- 2009
- Steve Payne
date: "2009-11-01T18:00:00-08:00"
---

This month's meeting will be a demonstration of three commercial applications written in Delphi: File Extractor Pro, Cell Phone Analyzer, and SIM Analyzer Pro.

**File Extractor Pro** is a data carving tool.  It allows the user to carve deleted files from a logical partition in either NTFS or FAT12/16 and FAT32.  A standalone image file in both raw bit stream format (think DD file) and compressed sgzip with 64k size clusters.  Create and manage custom file signatures while leveraging the power of modern processors by using multiple threads of execution.

**Cell Phone Analyzer** (CPA) is also a data interpreter, but is designed specifically to decode cell phone flash files.  Cell Phone Analyzer pulls both active and deleted data from GSM enabled cell phones and provides the end user with several choices of report outputs.  HTML, RTF and Text.  CPA also provides a virtual explorer for Motorola phones, allowing the user to see both active and deleted file names and data.

**SIM Analyzer Pro** is a GSM SIM card application.  It uses a third party ActiveX control to communicate with PC/SC compliant smart card readers.  Data is pulled from the SIM card and stored in an encrypted container that also uses an injected MD5 key for verification.  SIM Analyzer Pro can also create, what we call a Safety SIM which I will explain, that keeps the phone off the network while the end user navigates the phone - keeping the call detail logs in tact and blocking incoming and outgoing network traffic.


## PRESENTER ##

**Steve Payne** has been using Delphi 7 Enterprise for the last eight years.  He's created three commercial applications, all related to data recovery and interpretation. 

Delphi has provided him with the ability to use a high-level syntax language that is easy to program and understand, while at the same time, is backed by a robust compiler that competes with C++ output both in size and performance.
