---
title: "Discussion on Firebird"
date: "2011-02-05T21:51:16-08:00"
tags:
- 2011
- Slides
---

## TOPIC ##

We have decided we want to meet again!  I don't know how regular this will be, but this month, we're getting together, once again on the 3rd Monday of the month to talk about programming with the great Delphi programming tool.

The emphasis this month will be using **Firebird** with examples and member experiences shared.

***Download the [PowerPoint Slides](/presentations/2011-02_Firebird/Firebird.ppt)***

## PRESENTER ##

Our main presenter is **Alfonso Presa**. Alfonso was born in Cuba and received a Bachelors degree in Computer Science at ISPJAE (Tech University of Havana).  He also pursued a Masters in Telecommunications, but had to leave the area.  He was in Venezuela for 9 years developing software for Pharmacies, Drugstores, Clinics, and Insurance. He is now in the United States, but works remotely for the health care company, which now has more than 450 customers and a solid reputation in the local market. 

He has used Delphi 6 and Firebird versions 1.5 - 2.5. He will share programming techniques and ways to develop mid-sized applications using Firebird and show that even being a free database engine, Firebird can compete with almost all features of larger products such as SQL Server and Oracle.  In fact, Firebird is faster and easier to deploy in small environments (less than 40 workstations).

Join us as we explore this incredible open source product to learn how you can provide robust database solutions to your customers.
