---
title: "Quality Management Principles"
date: "2016-09-01T11:11:08-07:00"
tags:
- 2016
---

<table data-striping="1" class="file-attachment">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Attachment</th>
<th>Size</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><a href="/files/PredictabilityHasValue.pdf" title="PredictabilityHasValue.pdf">PredictabilityHasValue.pdf</a></td>
<td>0 KB</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

<h3>TOPIC</h3>

<p>
The official title of this month's meeting is, "<strong>An Overview of Quality Management Principles as Applied to Software Development</strong>." That's may look like a lot to swallow, but it's important to differentiate Quality Management from Quality Assurance, and this talk will be specifically geared to you, the software developer. Finally, since we only have an hour or two, it'll be just an overview--this topic could consume a large amount of time.
</p>

<p>
The discussion will cover two main areas:
</p>

<ol>
<li>Predictability in Software Development: What does it mean, and how is it achieved?</li>
<li>Using "Quality Gates" as a project scheduling and development process improvement tool.</li>
</ol>
<!--more--><h3>TOPIC</h3>

<p>
The official title of this month's meeting is, "<strong>An Overview of Quality Management Principles as Applied to Software Development</strong>." That's may look like a lot to swallow, but it's important to differentiate Quality Management from Quality Assurance, and this talk will be specifically geared to you, the software developer. Finally, since we only have an hour or two, it'll be just an overview--this topic could consume a large amount of time.
</p>

<p>
The discussion will cover two main areas:
</p>

<ol>
<li>Predictability in Software Development: What does it mean, and how is it achieved?</li>
<li>Using "Quality Gates" as a project scheduling and development process improvement tool.</li>
</ol>

<p>
The presentation will be low-tech and will include a round-table discussion.
</p>

<p>
An <a href="/sites/default/files/PredictabilityHasValue.pdf">outline of the talk</a> is available.
</p>

<h3>PRODUCT GIVE-AWAY</h3>

<a href="https://www.steema.com/">Steema Software</a> is promoting their products this month and next by giving away one developer license of <a href="https://www.steema.com/product/vcl#">TeeChart Pro</a> to a randomly chosen attendee!

<h3>PRESENTER</h3>

<p>
Our speaker this month is <strong>Jonathan Eaton</strong>, an <a href="http://asq.org/cert">ASQ certified</a> software quality engineer.  He spent about three years implementing and maintaining an FDA-compliant QM process for the software development of what the FDA would consider a "software component of a medical device"--in this case, a Delphi application, and later a website, that patients and clinicians could use to download and analyze patient data recorded by blood glucose meters and insulin pumps.
</p>

<em>You won't want to miss this meeting!</em>

<h3>LOCATION</h3>

<a href="http://www.maxsfannocreek.com/Portland_Area_Meeting_Rooms/">Fanno Creek Brew Pub</a>
<p>
12562 Main Street
Tigard, OR 97223
(503) 624 9400
(<a href="http://maps.google.com/maps?q=12562+SW+Main+St,+Tigard,+Oregon+97223&hl=en&ll=45.429457,-122.775028&spn=0.005383,0.011362&sll=37.0625,-95.677068&sspn=59.856937,102.128906&om=1&hnear=12562+SW+Main+St,+Tigard,+Oregon+97223&t=h&z=17&vpsrc=6">Link to map</a>)
</p>


<p align="center"><strong><em>NOTE: Happy Hour prices do not apply to ODUG attendees because we get their meeting room for free.</em></strong></p>
<hr>
