---
title: 'All About JSON'
date: 2025-10-15T10:54:16-08:00
tags: 
- 2025
- Homer Jones
- Cyndi Lewis
---

Have you heard about the JSON format but are not sure what it's for? Or perhaps you've been using a JSON library in your Delphi programs but are wondering if there's a better one.  October is the month we'll answer those questions!

<!--more-->

JSON, or **JavaScript Object Notation**, is a lightweight, text-based, human-readable format that uses key-value pairs, arrays, and nested objects to exchange data among a wide variety of disparate systems. Unlike it's name, it doesn't really have anything to do with JavaScript but is completely language-independent. It is most known as the defacto format used by REST-based web services.

This month's meeting will involve three different speakers, starting with a brief introduction of the JSON format and touching on its history and use. Then, we'll dive into the details of the syntax with code with demonstrations using both Delphi 2007 (using SuperObjects) and Delphi 12 (using its native System.JSON library). Finally, we'll explore and compare some of the many JSON libraries available for Delphi.

## PRESENTERS ##

- David Cornelius - Introduction and library comparisons.
- Homer Jones - SuperObject in Delphi 2007
- Cyndi Lewis - Delphi 12's native JSON library

CYNDI LEWIS is a great programmer...

HOMER JONES is the current president of ABS... 

## DATE/TIME ##

Wednesday, October, 15 2025  
6:00 - 8:00 PM

## LOCATION ##

**Round Table Pizza in Lake Oswego**  
[16444 SW Boones Ferry RD    
Lake Oswego, OR 97035](https://www.roundtablepizza.com/location/1231/)      
503-636-3350